Legacy: remove old "when supported" type statements (#21519)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/forms/html5_input_types/index.md

<input type="color" name="color" id="color" />
```

> Clicking a color control generally displays the operating system's default color picking functionality for you to actually make your choice with. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking a color control generally displays the operating system's default color-picking functionality for you to choose.
```
